Add blog post for the Rust Style Team (#1035)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/inside-rust/2022-09-22-announcing-the-rust-style-team.md

need formatting added. Some of this work has fallen to the rustfmt team in
recent years, but the rustfmt team would prefer to implement style
determinations made by another team rather than making such determinations
itself.

In addition, rustfmt maintains backwards compatibility guarantees: code that
has been correctly formatted with rustfmt won't get formatted differently with
a future version of rustfmt. This avoids churn, and avoids creating CI failures
when people use rustfmt to check style in CI. However, this also prevents
evolving the Rust style to take community desires into account and improve
formatting over time. rustfmt provides various configuration options to change
its default formatting, and many of those options represent changes that many
people in the community would like enabled by default.

For instance, many people prefer to format their `use` lines in three blocks:
imports from the standard library, imports from external crates, and then
imports from modules within the same project. `rustfmt` supports this via the
option `group_imports = StdExternalCrate`, but cannot make this the default

> without causing CI failures in existing projects.

Reviewer: Maybe mention the edition solution here? As it is, that was a question in my head that arose after reading this paragraph, only to get answered by a sort of closing sentence in the last section.

To solve both of these problems, [RFC
3309](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/3309-style-team.html) has revived the
Rust style team, with three goals:

- Making determinations about styling for new Rust constructs
- Evolving the existing Rust style
- Defining mechanisms to evolve the Rust style while taking backwards
  compatibility into account, such as via Rust editions or similar mechanisms

We don't plan to make any earth-shattering style changes; the look and feel of
Rust will remain largely the same. Evolutions to the default Rust style will
largely consist of established `rustfmt` options people already widely enable,
or would enable if they were stable.

We expect that the initial work of the style team will focus on clearing a

> backlog of new language constructs that lack formatting guidance. Afterwards,
> we look forward to introducing a few minor style evolutions in the Rust 2024
> edition.

Reviewer 2: I think in the same vein as @djc's question above, this is giving a little bit of a teaser in terms of some initial thoughts we have relative to the third bullet above about the solution/implementation for the style evolution mechanism. For the purposes of an announcement type of blog post, perhaps it would be better to not tease any specifics around the early thinkign (especially since we've not discussed this with the totality of the new team), and just mention shifting focus to the evolution mechanism.

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
backlog of new language constructs that lack formatting guidance. Afterwards,
we will look towards defining and implementing the mechanisms to evolve the default Rust style which we hope to then use to introduce a few minor style improvements in the near future.
```

Author: @calebcartwright I'd meant this to be an indicator of timeframe rather than specific solution, but you're right, this comes across as implying it'll be tied to edition. Will rework.
